DEVELOPER PREFERENCE:
- Do NOT run lint checks (e.g. npm run lint, expo lint). The developer will notify the agent if any compilation errors arise.

future features

(done)remove current theme selection functionality and add new age range selection screen on 1st time opening and change and fix the theme based on the age range.
(done)limit number of bookmarks and hints and need to see an ad to add extra bookmark or hint. 
(done)show ad before sharing the riddle.
(done)improve answer checking mechanism/scoring.
(done)add sounds and vibrations for all actions.
(done)send notifications daily with encouraging messages to do riddles.

1.(done)banner ads should stick to the navigatin bar like all other apps. observed in both home screen and riddles page as well.
2.(done)hints are resetting everytime. liek when I go back and come back again Im getting 3 free hints.
3.(done)data on homescreen like "solved riddles" and "solved with hint" are not updating properly.
4.(done)(will come from next day of installing app)notifications are not working, not coming at all, is it notification scheduled from the same day itself or from next day?
5.(done)when newly installing alos the riddles are continuing from last position.
6.(done)modify the admin screen, its not visible properly.
7.(done)improve settings icon on homescreen both placement and icon itself.
8.(done)if same hint is viewed again and again free hints are getting deducted.




npx expo prebuild (to generate the native android and ios code. not eject, still can use expo related stuff but can be used to build the apps locally.)
npx expo run:android --variant debug (connect the mobile to laptop and run this cmd to build the app, generate the apk and install to the mobile with hot reload, connceted to dev server.)
npx expo run:android --variant release (same as above but does not connect to metro and hence no need to run the server and no hot reloading.)
expo start -d (if we just want to run the app on mobile. if not installed any new packages then this cmd is enough no need for above cmd.) 
npx expo start -c